chore: add deprecation tag to 'to' prop on Link primitive (#2265)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/components/link/react.mdx

### Routing Libraries

> You can use a Link with any React routing libraries that support custom component. Below is an example using Link with React Router v5, in which custom navigation component is allowed by passing it through the `component` prop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a Link with any React routing library that supports custom components. Below is an example using Link with React Router v5, in which a custom navigation component is rendered by passing it through the `component` prop:
```

> You can use a Link with any React routing libraries that support custom component. Below is an example using Link with React Router v5, in which custom navigation component is allowed by passing it through the `component` prop:

Reviewer 2: You can use a Link with any React routing library that supports custom components. Below is an example using Link with React Router v5, in which the Link is passed to the `component` prop as a custom navigation component.
